huh we've had a good long run we need to
get out open the store together store is
nonsense you walk in the front door and
finish the job
all right
you're not gonna like what comes next
open your safe no never
[Music]
where the sisters brothers
FIF ter ft my sisters do different man
name or the law employer we have enough
money to stop stop what killing people
realize that her father was stark raving
mad and we got a spout blood my father
drank charlie
gentlemen I have found him I will try to
hold him until your arrival
make haste hey is this warm have it's so
interesting
what's the great challenge that all
prospectors fix how do I get the gold
just beneath my feet I told you I'm a
chemist you poured in the river it like
the bull the goal have you ever tested
it you think it's then yes we're going
to have to fight is your gun loaded
eventually you're gonna get us yo
forgetting something we insist respect
we're good at what we do charlie
are you upset I'm leaving
well hominin you hit me in public
Charlie after I slap you you slapped me
back Ravan
so then hit me what is your problem
you